[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Gohan found the strength
required to pull the Z Sword
from its rock, renewing hope
that the legendary weapon
could be the answer
for defeating Majin Buu.
Back on Earth, Buu continued to
spread terror across the globe,
turning whole cities into candy
and devouring them,
as Babidi hoped
the rampage would force
Piccolo and the boys
to surrender.
You have to master Fusion.
Do you understand?
[NARRATOR] High above in the
Lookout, Goten and Trunks
began learning Fusion,
a technique that would
give them extraordinary
new powers.
But the stakes
were rising quickly.
Great. Now we're really
running low on time,
so like I said earlier,
turn Super Saiyan.
[BABIDI]
People of Earth!
I've received a critical
piece of information
about one of those
cowards-at-large.
[ALL grunt]
Of the three hooligans
I'm looking for,
it seems the boy fighter
known as Trunks
lives in a building with
the rather unique name
of "Capsule Corporation"
in West City.
I think we'll stop by.
Consider this my call
letting you know.
Buu and I hope to see you
there, Trunks. If you're not,
West City will be the next one
Buu chews up. Literally!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR]
[grunts]
Man. No fair.
What kind of person
would rat on me like that?
My grandparents
are still at home
and those big bullies
are headed right for 'em!
I'm sorry, Trunks.
[BULMA]
Goku! Did you hear that?
What do we do? My mom and dad
are gonna get killed!
Don't worry,
we'll bring 'em back.
That's what we're saving the
Dragon Balls for, Bulma.
What about West City?
They're gonna
burn it to the ground!
Then we'll use the
second wish to bring back
all of the cities, too.
[PICCOLO] There won't
be a second wish.
[GOKU]
Huh?
The first wish brought
many people back to life,
and it took a heck of
a lot of power to do it.
After only
four months of sleep,
Shenron can only
grant one more wish.
Oh! Don't know
how I could forget that!
[chuckles]
Hmmm. Well, if
that's true, we'll say
"Shenron, make everything
the way it was!" He-heh.
What do you think, guys?
That should pretty much
cover it, right?
It's possible.
Yeah? You think so?
I wouldn't call it
extremely possible,
but there is a chance.
But Goku, even if
that wish does work
we'll still have to find
the Dragon Balls first.
And I left my Dragon Radar
back home at the lab.
[ALL gasp]
[GOKU]
That's definitely a problem.
Trunks, you should go.
Fly back to your house as fast
as you can and get that Radar.
You can find it
in your mom's lab, right?
I'll distract Buu so he
doesn't destroy West City
before you've got it.
You sure that's a good idea?
What if he gets you
like he did my dad?
You've still got
to teach us, right?
Yeah. Don't you worry,
I can hold my own for a while.
There's no time to waste.
If that Radar's destroyed,
our whole plan could be shot.
[BULMA] Listen to me, Trunks.
Be careful down there.
Come back if it's too dangerous;
I don't want you getting hurt.
[TRUNKS]
Okay.
You're the man, Trunks!
I know you can do it!
You bet I can!
[TRUNKS] But is he sure
he can hold up his end?
Guess we'll find out.
Okay. Time to fly!
No need to worry, Bulma.
That kid's as strong
as they come--
he's gonna pull
this off no problem.
I hope so.
Aw, come on,
of course he will!
He's yours and Vegeta's son;
there's nothing in this world
that can slow him down!
Thanks, Goku.
[GOKU]
Now then, where are they?
Goten, just sit tight, okay?
Sure!
[GOKU]
Hm.
You're a good boy.
Yeah, there they are.
[BABIDI] Would you
slow down? I'll fall off!
My hands aren't made of glue,
you know! Come on, nitwit!
[BUU grunts]
Buu!
[BABIDI screams]
[screams]
You big oaf, no detours!
Just fly to West City!
[BUU grunts]
[BABIDI hollers]
Now what? Haven't you
heard of whiplash?
[grunts]
Aah!
Hey.
[BABIDI]
It-It's you!
I see. I thought Vegeta
had disposed of you,
but I've learned
how unreliable he was.
Come to think of it,
I owe you a debt of gratitude.
You played a crucial part in
Majin Buu's triumphant return.
Woo-woo! Woo-woo!
Vegeta and I both
underestimated you--
I'll admit that.
We didn't think it was possible
for Majin Buu to be this mighty.
We were arrogant,
and we're paying for it.
[laughs]
Hm. A-hem!
Of course he's mighty.
My father created him
with his own magic!
So, why don't you tell
me what you're doing here?
Oh, I know! You've come
to turn in the others!
You're my latest rat!
What, are you joking?
I'd never do that!
One of those three
is my own son.
No, I just came here
to warn you
so you'll know
what you're dealing with.
You're warning me?
As if there's something
I should be scared of?
[laughs]
Oh, that is hilarious!
I'll let the whole world
in on this one--
this is too good to pass up!
[laughs]
[GOKU] Listen to me. The three
you want? They're coming.
You'll get the chance to
face them all soon enough.
I promise that.
So until they do,
I want you to wait.
No more senseless killing
or preying on the weak.
And why should we have to wait?
They're plotting
something big, is that it?
[GOKU]
Yeah.
They're mastering
a new technique
so they can defeat you both.
Huh?
[laughs]
[BUU, BABIDI laugh]
Those nobodies defeating us?
They could train
for a thousand years
and they'd still have no chance!
Hmph. I guess we'll see.
[BOTH laughing]
You actually believe
we'd wait for them?
They'll give up this useless
training and show themselves
or the mayhem
will continue! Yes.
[laughs]
Truth is I hope
they don't show up
because this destruction's even
more fun than I expected!
Big surprise. I didn't
think you'd want to wait.
That's why I came here
with a backup plan.
I'm going to take on
Majin Buu myself.
[BABIDI]
Oh, this should be good.
Did you hear that, Buu?
This silly man wants to
challenge you to a battle!
It seems he's every bit
as delusional as Vegeta was!
[laughs]
Something wrong?
[BUU laughs]
Aah! Buu!
No games!
Look. We can talk about
your insolence later, Buu!
But right now
I want you to attack!
--[BUU] Hm!
--[GOKU] Hm?
Now! Show him the power
my father gave you!
That's an order, servant!
Buu hear you the first time!
[GOKU] Why do you let Babidi
talk to you like that?
Don't you realize his powers
are nothing compared to yours?
--[BUU] Hm?
--[BABIDI] Ah!
Ignore him!
How dare you say that?!
I'm the future ruler
of the universe!
Majin Buu's my servant,
a sword in my hand!
--[BUU grunts]
--He does what I command
because that's what
he's made for!
--[BUU grunts]
--Huh?
Don't look at me like that,
unless you want to be
sealed up for
another million years!
Buu no like your
mean old threats at all.
You seal up Buu, you die!
[BABIDI grunts]
[BABIDI]
Ungrateful, disobedient slug!
When did he start
thinking for himself?
That's not acceptable!
But Buu like fun.
Buu still kill!
Man seem like goody-goody;
Buu hate that!
[BABIDI exhales]
Just trying to help you out.
[BUU]
Mmmm...
Now what way should
Buu make you die?
Yes! Watch this, Earthlings!
You can learn a lot!
I'm about to show you
exactly what happens
when some poor brute
thinks he can defy me!
[laughs]
Here it goes!
[bellows]
That surge of power--
is that Dad's energy?
That's right.
Your father's incredible
and this is only the start.
That can't be!
Goten's dad has about
the same power as my dad did!
He's amazing!
[laughs]
Did you think that
would impress us?
Vegeta tried the golden-hair
trick and it couldn't save him.
[laughs]
You're right--
I'm sure Vegeta did go
beyond Super Saiyan
when he fought Buu,
but I'm gonna show you
a level beyond that.
Okay, do you have
a chart or something?
I'm getting lost and don't know
if I should be nervous.
Goku. What are you planning?
[BUU laughs]
[BABIDI laughs nervously]
Heh.
[CROWD cheering]
[MR. SATAN]
People of Earth! I agree!
I am the only one on this
planet capable of rescuing us!
The responsibility isn't easy!
Most would be crushed
by the pressure alone.
But I've come to accept
that I'm no normal man!
That's why I'm swearing to you,
I'll save you from this monster!
That's the duty of a hero!
We're counting
on you, Mr. Satan!
Marry me!
Now ladies and gentlemen,
while I'd love to
sign autographs
and kiss all your babies,
I have to go back to my
selflessly intense training
to defeat this beast!
So bye-bye for now,
until we meet again
to celebrate my triumph!
[CROWD cheering]
[chanting] Satan rocks!
Satan rocks! Satan rocks!
--Satan rocks! Satan rocks!
--[MR. SATAN chuckles]
[MR. SATAN] Totally nailed it.
I'm so good, it's scary.
But what if Buu hears
about my challenge
and actually shows up here?
I can't be a target
for that monster!
Oh, yeah, I'll tell him
I'm training!
You can't interrupt a guy
when he's training.
That's some kind of warrior
code or something, right?
[CROWD chanting]
Satan rocks!
[MR. SATAN]
Love me!
[CROWD cheering]
So, you can surpass Vegeta
who already surpassed
Super-whatever.
I should wear a wig and
call myself Super Babidi.
This is all nonsense.
Hurry, Majin Buu.
It's time to
take care of this joker.
We've got a whole
city to destroy.
[BUU] Ooh-ooh-ooh!
Ooh-hoo-hoo! Ooh-hoo-hoo!
[GOKU] To the naked eye,
he looks soft and weak.
You'd think any of us
could beat him.
But Vegeta gave all he had
and accomplished nothing.
Somehow, I've got to keep him
distracted long enough
for Trunks to get that Radar.
I'm so nervous.
You think Trunks
is at the Capsule
Corporation by now?
No. He's still on his way.
[GOKU] Trunks' energy
isn't moving at all.
Is he just standing still?
I told him to go
as fast as he could.
I was hoping I could stall
Buu long enough without
having to power up all the way.
His energy's massive.
And he left after I did
but he still got to them
in a blink of an eye.
How? Is that his
Instant Transmission technique?
How's it work?
Can you hear me? Hey!
You need to get that Radar now!
Right! Sorry!
Ah? Radar?
And who exactly
are you talking to?
What's this Radar for?
Forget about it.
It's not your concern.
Is it possible
he's that strong?
Can he really
be as powerful as Dad?
I guess there's
no time to find out,
I've got to get
to that Radar first!
[BABIDI chuckles]
You tricky little buffoon.
You seem to be cooking
up some kind of scheme.
Maybe so.
[GOKU] There's no choice. I've
got to hold their attention.
[BABIDI]
Huh?
Why you stop power?
You giving up?
[GOKU] No. I'm gonna give you
a lesson on Super Saiyans.
I want to make sure
you both understand.
Saiyan. Super how?
No one asked for a lesson.
We don't care about
your trivial moves.
We'll see about that.
First off, there's my normal
state that I'm in right now.
Then there's
my Super Saiyan form.
Next up...
This is what it looks like
when I push myself
beyond the level
of Super Saiyan
for even greater power.
See? To make it
easy let's call this
Super Saiyan Two.
Uh-huh, uh-huh.
Ha! Looks like
window dressing to me.
I'd hardly call you transformed.
Heh. There's more.
I knew he pushed
beyond Super Saiyan
against Cell, but that was
the limit of his power.
Could there actually be more?
You're bluffing him,
right buddy?
You must be. I mean how much
stronger can a guy get?
Ready?
Wow. You've been busy.
This next level goes
way beyond Super Saiyan Two!
[bellows]
[ALL gasp]
[GOKU bellows]
Stop that, Goku!
Are you nuts?
That form is too much
of a drain on your energy;
you'll use up everything
you had for your trip!
You didn't have
much time to start with
and now you're gonna
to burn it all!
[GOKU bellows]
[BUU]
Oooh!
[BABIDI]
Aaah...
[GOKU bellows]
[PEDESTRIANS screaming]
[TRUNKS gasps]
No way, that's crazy!
His power--it's even
stronger than it was before!
Uuh. What am I doing?
I've gotta go!
[GOKU bellows]
Stop, Goku! The earth
needs you to stay there!
[bellows, grunts]
[GOKU bellows]
[screams]
It's incredible!
His energy keeps growing;
it's like there's no end to it!
Dad's the man!
Okay, not bluffing!
[hollers]
It's an earthquake!
Somebody help!
That energy's tremendous--
it's shaking the whole planet.
I don't know how it's possible,
but it feels like Goku.
What could he be tapping into?
[bellows]
[roars]
[screams]
[GOKU grunts]
[ALL gasp]
[BABIDI gasps]
And this is my favorite level.
I call it Super Saiyan Three.
Sorry to keep you waiting--
it takes a while to get to.
I'm not used to making
this transformation yet.
[BABIDI gasps]
[BUU]
Oooh.
Wow. He doesn't even
look like himself.
[GOHAN gasps]
That-That energy.
It feels like it's Dad,
but is that even possible?
It can't be. No.
Yes. It's Goku for sure.
[GOHAN]
Huh?
His energy's unmistakable.
I don't understand how
he could have such power,
but it's him.
But... how could
it reach us out here?
How could any power on Earth
have the magnitude
to reach this sanctuary?
Dad. What is this?
I just wish I knew what was
going on down there.
[BUU]
Mmm!
[BABIDI grunts]
Your face may have more
scary now, but Buu not afraid!
I have to agree
with my simple servant.
You can call yourself
Super-Whatever-You-Want!
You're just
trying to look tough!
Take care of him, Buu.
Let him know what we think
of his little show.
Let's do this. I could use
a good battle test.
[laughs]
Humans all across
the globe will be
watching this through me.
Give them a show, Buu!
Put him to shame!
[laughs]
[GOKU] Come on, Trunks.
Aren't you done yet?
Crush him! Crush him now!
Buu!
Huh? Augh!
Thatta boy, Goku!
Show him who's boss!
Get 'em, Dad!
[NARRATOR] Others have
pushed beyond Super Saiyan.
But now Goku has
reached even higher
to a level this world
has never seen.
And this newfound power
can hardly be believed.
[BUU grunts]
[NARRATOR]
With this transformation,
perhaps Goku does have the
strength to defeat Majin Buu.
It's time to find out.
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai.
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
I stalled Babidi and Majin Buu
as long as I could.
Now I'm going to
show him the true power
of Super Saiyan Three
and hope it's enough
to buy Trunks the time he needs.
[TRUNKS] Ah! I can't
find the Dragon Radar!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] After all these years,
Dad still finds a way
to surprise me!